Restructure planning documentation (#2247)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/product-engineering/process/planning-process.md

## Quarterly department OKRs

Each quarter we set OKRs at the department level (all of product and engineering).

OKRs define what success looks like each quarter, taking into account where we are at as a company and what we think the next things we need to accomplish given the vision and strategy we have for the year.

We don't require OKRs at lower levels (orgs, teams) because the most important artifact is the roadmap (using strategy and department OKRs as an input). Orgs and/or teams may decide to set their OKRs if they find that helpful (but this doesn't replace having a roadmap).

### OKR tracking

The source of truth for current OKRs and status of those OKRs is in our [private issue tracker](https://github.com/sourcegraph/product-engineering-tracker/labels/summary).

- This is private because KRs frequently contain sensitive business metrics and customer names).
- The sanitized public version of our OKRs are [here in the handbook](../../../strategy-goals/goals/index.md).

Each KR has an associated GitHub issue following [this template](https://github.com/sourcegraph/product-engineering-tracker/issues/new?template=product-engineering-kr.md).

> - The assignee of each OKR is responsible for posting an update to the associated tracking issue by 19:00 UTC each Friday. Weekly updates should include:

Reviewer: I think this is the area I had a bit of confusion on...

_The assignee of each OKR is responsible for posting an update to the associated tracking issue by 19:00 UTC each Friday._ To post an update, create a new comment and include the current status along with the following details:

Author: ```suggestion
- The assignee of each OKR is responsible for posting an update to the associated tracking issue by 19:00 UTC each Friday. To post an update, create a new comment with the following details:
```

## Annual strategy process

We will better define this process when we get closer (sometime in Q4) to producing the FY24 strategy.

## Quarterly KRs process

One of our goals in FY23 Q1 is to come up with a plan for how we want this process to work for Q2 (and then update the documentation here).

## Roadmap process

FY23 Q1 is the first quarter where we are trying to capture the roadmap in GitHub. We will learn a lot throughout the quarter as we attempt to do this and will update this documentation based on our learnings.

We expect to not need a lot of formal process here, because if we are effectively using this roadmap as a source of truth, it will organically get updated on a regular basis as part of normal team operations.

## Quarterly department retrospective

Near the end of each quarter, the product/engineering VPs and Directors will get together for a retrospective. The purpose of this retrospective is to create a shared safe space for celebrating wins, learning, and improvement.

- Before the retrospective we will
  - Solicit feedback from the broader product/engineering team

>   - Asyncronously write down thoughts on topics we may want to discuss during the retrospective. Prompts may include but aren't limited to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Asynchronously write down thoughts on topics we may want to discuss during the retrospective. Prompts may include but aren't limited to:
```
